the next
Edge yeah middle of lower right the
middle of lower okay and the next
one
no where's the next
one in the middle of body
right Body and Soul like that okay now
maybe some people are wondering about
one of the syllables in this
line there's one syllable that might
raise some questions because it's a
little stronger than the others that
have a cup
right anybody know what I'm talking
about is anybody thinking yeah but what
about what about
worlds yeah world is a little stronger
right so the thing is it's all about
relatives so worlds might be a little
stronger but it's not as strong as b or
up or low right it's right in the middle
so this is
where the last one on the bottom of your
definition sheet comes in it's called a
half wand it's kind of a halfway it's a
little bigger than a cup but it's
smaller than a wand so you can mark it
like that if you
want and that's the beauty of this is
it's completely up to your ear if you if
you hear it if you're happy hearing
worlds as a cup you can mark it as a cup
but if you feel funny about that and you
really want to give it a little more
emphasis you could recognize that it has
a little more weight to it by giving it
a half one and you still have the same
pattern of cup cup one cup cup one cup
cup one so what you have